Nan Nan is not the second aunt who said that you belong to a big girl's family
How could you do such a shameful thing?
A woman's reputation is the most important thing
Just like you
Which man will dare to take you in the future?
Sun Nan, did you bring such a man back to hit me in the face?
Mom, I didn't lie to you.
He is my legal photo
Yo, this is really certified
Auntie, I didn't say it.
The man this cousin is looking for is so bad
I heard he's still a little assistant in your company
No money, no house, no car
I rely on my cousin to raise it all
Not like my dear
Oh, yes, Grand Duke, I brought a lot of good things this time
What ginseng?
Murong, how do you look like this little white face?
It's up to you
I have to rely on my cousin
Just this bag of trash he brought?
Feed our dog, our dog doesn't eat it
Yeah, to say this marriage
You have to find someone capable
You see, this is the first door that doesn't work.
I can't even afford a gift.
Haha, this Chen Fei is different.
First time visiting
Hey, you brought me a lot of gifts.
Hey, take a look and bought me a big 20g bracelet, hey.
I said no, no.
He has to buy it for me, mom.
It is my duty to honor you as a son-in-law
Right, Bouncy King?